(Train horn)
Oh my gosh.
That guy is like
so good-looking!
I am crushing so
hard right now!
He must be
from planet sexy.
[GIRL 1]
I think I'm gonna
go talk to him.
[GIRL 2]
Girl, you would just
get humiliated.
Oh man. Check out that dude!
He's freakin' huge!
That's the biggest guy
I've ever seen.
I might be having
a man-crush right now.
[BOY 1]
I dunno. I think
I could take him.
[BOY 2]
Dude, you would just
get totally humiliated.
Oh hey... Suna!
We were both on the same train?
I didn't even see you.
[SUNA]
Yeah, well, I could
totally see you.
[ALL]
WHAT?! Those two
are friends? No way!
♪Opening song♪
(Birds chirping)
I'm Takeo Goda.
I'm in the tenth grade.
This is my friend, Sunakawa.
We've been friends since we
were three years old.
Aw, yeah.
Spring is here.
Uh-huh.
Yep.
Not only is it
springtime outside,
but I'm experiencing
my own spring as well.
'Cause for the first time in
my life, I have a girlfriend!
I do love the Spring...
AHH! Oops.
That's what happens when you
don't watch where you're going.
Yeah...
(Tired sigh)
(Baby giggling)
(Mother panting)
(Sigh)
Huh?
Ah!
Uhh... Wait!
AHH! My baby! My baby!
(Twinkling)
Everything's fine.
He's just taking him
up to the top.
Uh!
O-oh...
Thank you...
You're welcome!
Thank you so much!
You're a lifesaver!
Oh, no. Honestly,
I didn't really do
much of anything, ma'am.
Have a nice day!
Uh, okay...
Thank you so much!
You're the best.
Thank you so, so much!
I don't know what I'd
do without you!
Thank you! That was
such a big help!
[MOTHER]
Thank you!
Hey, Takeo.
Huh?
Saw what you did.
You sure are big and strong!
This is the best
Spring... ever...
[TAKEO]
Wow! You made these?
Mm-hmm. This is the first
time I've tried making
traditional
Japanese desserts.
[RINKO]
I thought the cherry blossom
petals were just too cute.
Oohh!
Mmm...
HEAVEN!
I think everything
you make is fantastic!
You like 'em?
You know... it makes me so happy
to hear you say
things like that!
(Happy chewing)
(Thunderclap)
[TAKEO]
She's so great.
(Chomping)
[RINKO]
Y'know what, guys?
I do love the Spring.
I know, right?!
I was telling Suna that earlier.
Huh? Oh yeah?
That's so funny.
[TAKEO]
Of course,
Summer's great, too.
[RINKO]
Yep. Totally!
[TAKEO]
And Fall is, too.
In its own way.
[RINKO]
Yeah, I know! And
I also like winter.
Uh-huh. Winter, too.
Love it!
Y'know what?
I can see you
two having this
same dumb conversation
when your old and gray.
(Both giggling)
Really, you guys?
Um... Can I go home now?
(Laughing)
Oh, Ms. Yamato...
I hope things can
stay like this forever.
Uh, Takeo.
Hm?
Will you maybe take a
quick picture with me?
Yeah, sure.
O-of course!
Okay! Great! I'm gonna
set it as my wallpaper!
Alright, lean in.
(Nervous grunts)
You ready?
Here we go.
Go for it! Shoot!
(Shutter sound)
Oh, I messed that up.
I'm terrible at pictures.
(Heavy thumping)
Oh God! I think I'm
about to explode!
(Shutter sound)
[RINKO]
Ah, this one turned
out better.
Okay, great.
Could you do me a favor
and send me a copy of it?
I'll use it, too.
Sure!
I so love her!
(Phone rings)
Oh, sorry.
I should take this.
Mm-hmm.
Hello?
Yeah, I'm out
running around.
Um, exactly.
Yeah, that's right.
I'm with my boyfriend.
(Echoing)
Boyfriend...
[TAKEO]
Boyfriend? boyfriend...
Boyfriend... boyfriend...
I cannot even believe it!
In fact,
Mm-hmm. Huh?
I honestly don't understand
how she can be so happy
to call me that.
Oh... Uh...
Is something wrong?
Well, uh...
It's okay.
You can tell me.
Yeah, well uh...
My friends kinda want
to do a little mixer.
I have these five friends,
and none of them have
boyfriends or anything.
And so they, uh, they thought
maybe they could meet some
of your friends, right?
Hmm...
Interesting.
Okay, got it.
Just have to get a few
friends together, right?
Mm-hmm! If that's okay!
Sure, no problem.
(Squeal)
Good to go!
[FRIEND ON PHONE]
Yay! Was that
your boyfriend?
His voice is so deep!
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
I have got
you covered!
I have plenty of guy friends!
Hey, Goda,
good morning!
Goda! How ya doin', man?
Good to see ya, dude!
Yo! How are ya!
Well, if it isn't Goda!
Morning, bro!
Goda, what's shakin'?
Lookin' good, Goda!
[ALL] Huh?
What's up, Goda?
There some
sorta problem?
Gentlemen... I have
a girlfriend now.
(All gasp)
[TAKEO]
And I just want to say...
(Screams and cheers)
[ALL]
1, 2, 3! Woo-hoo!
AHH!
Okay, so any of you
without a girlfriend,
please raise your hand.
(Dejected moans)
'Kay, if you wanna go out with
a bunch of girls, say "aye."
(All pleading)
Only four can go.
Rock-paper-scissors.
[SUNA]
A mixer, huh? Yeah, well,
have fun with all that.
Oh no ya don't, Suna!
You are coming
with me, my man.
Well, okay. But I'm not
talking to anyone.
[TAKEO]
You might meet
someone there.
They're friends
of Ms. Yamato,
so I'm sure they're
all very nice.
Takeo...
Listen to me, alright?
Nice girls don't always
have nice friends.
Sometimes rotten people
have a nice friend...
'cause they're too nice.
Suna...
That was... that
was pretty deep.
Mm-hmm. I know.
(Cellphone jingles)
[YAMATO]
Okay, Takeo...
these are the girls going to
the mixer with me tomorrow.
They're all super cute!
I'm actually kinda nervous
about introducing you to them!
Can't wait to see you!
[TAKEO]
She looks so happy.
No matter where she is,
she's always herself.
[RINKO]
Hello!
My name's Rinko.
I'm Takeo's girlfriend.
And these lovely ladies are a
few of my friends from class.
[ALL]
Hey, you guys!
[TOGETHER]
Nice to meet you!
Holy crap,
you're all babes!
So, which one of you guys
is Rinko's lucky boyfriend?
She brags about him
all the time.
Ooh... No I don't!
Well what do you
think you call it
when you won't stop
talking about him?
So, which one
is he anyway?
Um, well, I uh...
My boyfriend, Takeo Goda!
NICE TO MEET YOU!
Uhh...
[MANA]
He's like a bear....
[NANAKO]
Rinko said you were
tall, but, uh....
[KOJIMA]
I thought he WAS a bear...
[YUKO]
And she said your hands were
really big and everything,
but, uh...
[AYU]
We thought you were a bear...
(Elevator dings)
We're here, you guys!
Cool!
Woohoo!
[RINKO]
The restaurant's just
back over here!
Ahh!
HM!
(Crowd gasps)
I gotcha.
You okay?
That was kinda scary.
I'm alright.
Thanks a lot.
[AYU AND NANAKO]
He's so burly.
(DING)
[RINKO]
It's kinda dangerous
for them to leave
all this stuff out here.
[TAKEO]
I'll move it out of the way
so we can get through.
[ALL GIRLS]
Like, whoa...
And it looks like the
emergency exit is locked, too.
Maybe we should tell
the restaurant staff?
Makes more sense to tell
building management...
The restaurant staff probably
won't do anything.
(Fawning)
[GIRLS]
He's so dreamy!
[TAKEO]
Suna, you're so smart.
[AYU] What? He's the
bear's friend?
[SUNA] Not really?
Really?
[KURIHARA]
Okay, let's order some
drinks, shall we?!
Who wants a little Oh-Jay?
[KAKITANI] Oh, I do!
[MOMOTA] I want soda!
[NANAKO]
I swear the more I look at
him, the hotter he gets.
[YUKO]
He doesn't say much,
does he? Why don't you
go over and talk to him?
[KOJIMA] YOU go talk to him!
[YUKO] No freakin' way...
(Takeo and Rinko chit-chat)
[AYU]
I totally thought
he was Rinko's boyfriend.
[AYU]
What does she see
in that big brute?
[NANAKO]
I have no idea.
Goda, your girlfriend
is seriously super sweet
and nice and awesome!
I'm so happy for you, Goda.
Well, it couldn't have
happened to a better guy.
[NANAKO]
I don't get why everybody
seems to like him so much.
We're gonna throw you in the
air again tomorrow, and this
time we won't drop you!
Yeah!
[KURIHARA]
Now that everyone
has their drinks,
why don't we start with a toast?
Wait, we don't have a bottle
opener. Uh, excuse me!
Excuse me!
(POP)
(FIZZ)
[TAKEO]
Got it.
Uhh...
Whoa, you just did that
with your bare hands!
[MOMOTA]
Goda, you're awesome!
[FUDO]
King Kong over here!
[MOMOTA]
Here. Do mine, too!
He's... a beast.
(Shivering)
(POP)
(Guys gasp)
(Laughing)
You know, you don't have
to open it like that.
(Squeals)
So, uh... You ladies are from
an all girls' school, right?
You don't have any
guys or anything?
Uh... yeah,
that's right...
No guys at all.
(CRACK)
Don't ask Ms. Yamato's friends
any more rude questions.
Sorry, my bad.
Everybody here knows
what you're getting at.
[RINKO]
Takeo.
Hm?
It's fine, okay?
(Placated humming)
[KAKITANI]
So, seriously... None of
you girls have a boyfriend?
Nuh-uh.
No!
It sucks
We don't meet
many guys.
We don't get
much of a chance.
Well, our school is co-ed,
but we still don't meet anyone.
That's right. The girls
just go for the popular guys.
And, like, we only meet
people whenever there's
a school festival.
[KURIHARA]
Oh, is that right?
Can we maybe go to that?
[YUKO]
Yeah, of course! You should
totally come next time!
[KAKITANI]
Oh, I will!
[KOJIMA]
Last year, we ran
a little cafe.
[MOMOTA] A cafe?
[KURIHARA] What kind
of outfits did you wear?
[AYU]
Uh, that's sort of
a creepy question!
[KURIHARA] (Laughs)
Hey, you mind if
I sit over there?
So, did you work
at the cafe, too?
I did, I was the baker.
I baked a bunch of different
kinds of pound cake!
There were tons of 'em!
Oh yeah? I wish I could've been
there, I would've tried 'em all.
Well, I could try
baking one tomorrow!
Oh, I can't wait.
You could probably
eat an entire cake by
yourself, couldn't you?
Uh! Oh, crap... my
contact's all messed up.
Sorry, I'll be right back.
I'm gonna go to the restroom!
'Kay!
[AYU]
Oh. I'll come with you.
(Chatter)
[RINKO]
Sure is taking Nanako
and Ayu a long time.
Huh?
I'm gonna go
check on them.
I'll come
with you.
Where IS the restroom?
Over here!
[NANAKO]
I don't care what she
says. He's a freak!
[AYU]
I know, right?
(Rinko gasps)
[AYU]
I cannot believe
he's the boyfriend.
[NANAKO]
He's barely even human.
(Both laugh)
[NANAKO]
She kept talking about him
like he was some sort of prize.
I was expecting some
major hottie, you know?
[AYU]
Totally! I was completely
shocked when I saw that big,
hairy gorilla!
[NANAKO]
I don't know if I could even
be seen with that thing!
(Ayu laughs)
Listen to me, alright?
Nice girls don't always
have nice friends.
Hmm...
[NANAKO]
She thinks he so cool
and everything?
What is wrong with her?
(Laughing)
Uh!
Uh, Rinko.
(Sniffling)
Takeo... He's...
Uh!
He's my boyfriend!
And he is a major hottie!
(Whimpering)
(Gasps)
(Crying)
(Both stammering)
[TAKEO]
Wait!
(Rinko sobbing)
[TAKEO]
Ms. Yamato!
Slow down!
Ah!
I'm sorry, Takeo!
I'm so sorry...
About what?
My friends...
They... they said such
awful things. And I'm sorry!
I know that must hurt.
I'm so sorry.
(Sobbing)
They can't say
anything to hurt me.
Takeo...
(Sobbing)
Please don't cry.
There's all kinds
of people.
Huh?
And they can say
all kinds of things.
And sometimes,
those words can hurt.
But how can I
possibly feel sad...
when I'm standing
here next to you?
It's impossible.
I can't stand to see you cry.
You sure
you're okay?
Mm-hmm.
You promise?
Absolutely.
'Cause what I heard...
was that you've been talking
to your friends about me.
And you've said a lot
of really nice things.
Thank you
for that.
(Gasp)
(Light giggle)
[RINKO]
You're so amazing, Takeo.
Hm?
I mean it.
I like you so much.
I feel so lucky.
You're too good to be
true. You really are.
Y'know what? Maybe I just did a
terrible job of describing you.
I was probably too
vague and didn't express
how awesome and
dreamy you are!
Maybe...
When we get back,
I'll try to explain it
to them a little better!
Uh, that's okay.
Really.
Yeah, well...
I want to!
They need to know what
an amazing and kind and
wonderful person you are.
Every day...
Every day, I think
about how lucky I am
to have met you.
And how I hope this
feeling will never end.
(Loud explosion)
(Crowd screaming)
[TAKEO]
Suna!
Takeo! Not sure
how it started!
I called 911, but
they're still not here.
[KOJIMA] Rinko!
[RINKO]
Are we all here?
Did everyone make it out?
Nanako and Ayu aren't here!
What are we gonna do?
They never came back
from the restroom!
[YUKO]
They're still
inside the building!
(GASP)
HURGH!
Just wait right here!
Don't' worry!
I'll get 'em out!
(Gasps)
Takeo! No!
I will find your friends.
I promise.
(Doorknob rattles)
HAAGGH!
(Coughing)
Oh!
(Panting)
(Hearty grunt)
[BOYS] Goda! Goda!
Are you okay?
[GIRLS] Nanako!
[RINKO] Nanako!
[YUKO] Where's Ayu?!
I called 911,
they're on their way..
One more to go!
(Coughing)
Oh god...
It was just like
some big animal
picked me up and
carried me away...
Oh, c'mon! That was Takeo!
(Heavy breaths)
(Grunts)
Ms. Yamato.
That picture you sent me.
You with your friends.
You had such a beautiful smile.
(Vent creaks)
You looked so happy.
Uh!
(Heavy coughing)
[AYU]
No... Oh my God...
You're okay!
I'm on my way-
(Gasp)
HURGH!
(Grunting)
Can you stand?
Think so...
'Kay, go!
Huh?
Go!
OH!
GO!
(Weak grunts)
UGH!
(Rumbling and crashing)
Ayu!
[SUNA]
Here!
(Crowd exclaiming)
[AYU] Rinko...
Thank God
you made it.
Your boyfriend's
still in there...
Ah!
I think he might
be in trouble.
He came back for me...
(Gasp)
[AYU]
I... I wouldn't
have made it out.
So this... this is it.
I guess it's to be expected.
Things have been way
too perfect lately.
(Echoing)
Takeo!
Thank you, Ms. Yamato.
(Echoing)
Takeo!
If I have to die...
For you, I can do
it without shame.
(Flames roaring)
(Pained grunts)
(Crashing and rattling)
(Cellphone rings)
Huh? I've got...
reception in here?
Hey, buddy.
[SUNA]
Can you hear me?
Look, uh...
Your girlfriend is about
to run back in there
[RINKO] TAKEO!
to save your big butt.
Takeo, no!
(Girls struggling)
Let me go!
It's too dangerous!
So, you may want
to get out here...
Before she does something silly.
And gets herself hurt.
[RINKO]
Takeo! I need to save him!
Oh, yeah, and seriously...
(Rinko continues)
I'd be pretty bored
without you.
Takeo? Hey, can you
hear me? Takeo...
(Static)
Please. Don't cry for me.
I don't want you
to worry about me.
You have to keep smiling.
I hate it when you're sad.
That hurts me more
than anything on Earth.
(Inaudible)
Ms... Yamato...
I...
I will...
I will live. I'll do it!
(Shimmering)
(CRASH)
(GASP)
I'LL DO IT...
AH!
[TAKEO]
...TO MAKE YOU HAPPY!
HURGH!
HMPH!
Takeo!
Hm!
(Crowd exclaiming)
Takeo...
(Sniffling)
Takeo!
Ms. Yamato. I swear...
I will never make
you cry again.
(Chatter)
(Firetrucks rumbling)
[FUDO] And he just
flew out the window...
[SUNA] It's true.
[MOMOTA]
Hey, check this out.
I got a pic.
[NANAKO]
Um...
[NANAKO AND AYU]
Thank you so much, Goda.
(Grunt)
(Twinkle)
(Fawning)
(Gasp)
Oh, no... I am not starting
to feel something for him!
[ALL]
No, no, no, no, no...!
[RINKO]
You know... When I
told you about him,
I don't think that I, uh...
I didn't do a good job.
So, to make it more clear...
I'd like to better explain
what it is about him tha-
[KOJIMA]
It's fine, okay?
We understand.
[NANAKO]
Anyway, I'm sorry.
We were being kinda wrong.
[AYU]
Yeah, he's really nice!
[YUKO]
You're good for each other.
[KOJIMA] Totally.
[RINKO] Oh. Okay...
Well, you can't have him!
[TOGETHER]
As if I would!
[NANAKO]
Besides, we couldn't
if we tried.
He only has eyes for you.
Y'know, I think old age is
the just about the only thing
that can kill you.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
[MOMOTA]
Dude, you were
freakin' awesome!
[KURIHARA]
I have a whole new
respect for you.
[FUDO]
I mean, you saved
those chicks!
[KAKITANI]
All right, let's give him
the victory throw!
[TOGETHER]
One, two, three...!
WOO!
(CRASH)
(Cellphone jingles)
[RINKO]
Takeo, thanks for today.
Everyone now understands
what's so incredible about you.
And why you're so dreamy.
Maybe you could be
a firefighter.
You'd probably be great at it.
But, that would make me
pretty worried, though...
It IS a dangerous job after all.
Good night, Takeo.
See you soon!
So, spring is here, huh.
It's going to be a good one.
The best spring ever,
Ms. Yamato.
♪Closing song♪
[TAKEO]
Next episode: I'm Dense.